I'm Ingrid McGarr. I live right around the block, just a couple of miles from here in Eagle Valley.
And I worked on this site at International Nickel in their metallurgical research lab for 18 years.
Two years after they built the lab, I came and I was here until they closed in 1984.
So it was great fun to come over here and see this site.
And I'm delighted with what's happened to this site.
It stood empty for so long and was a big question of what was going to happen to it.
And it is a beautiful spot and you've enhanced it.
I mean, I love the grounds. I love the environmental concern that you've had with developing it
and keeping the natural areas and so on. I'm delighted because I've been worked here for that long.
I have fond memories of what it was like on a much smaller scale.
But seeing the lake, my lab was basically very close to this position.
My desk looked out on that lake. And so to see it now and see the grounds really with the rocks along the edge of the lake
and so on, much like they were when I worked here is delightful.
I wasn't picturing it to be quite this way, I think.
So much today is level everything, put down sod and build a building and not keep anything natural.
It's delightful that you've done that. Very delightful.
I had founded an international medical research group when they closed the lab.
And I've kept it going for 30 years and we had our last reunion in 2014, every five years I've had a reunion.
So I'm hoping after seeing the facility to arrange something because they were very curious in 2014 as to what was happening to the site.
And I would love to be able to have a tour here with the research group to see what you've done with the property.
So I'm excited about that. I'm really hoping to work on that in the future.
I think you're good neighbors. You're compassionate, you're caring, you care about the environment, you care about the community.
And I think we are very fortunate to have you as our neighbors.